Barclays Partner Finance

-------------------------------------------------------

Well done, you're flying high with PCP loans 
from Barclays Partner Finance

( http://www.barclayspartnerfinance.com/business/motor/ )

-------------------------------------------------------

Thanks for sharing in the success of PCP Loans.

Your earnings have climbed to Â£xx in Partner Points, thanks to
your dealership achieving yy paid-out PCP deals between 1 March
and 30 April 2013.

You'll soon be able to turn your points into vouchers to enjoy
all over the high street.

Everything you need to know about claiming your Partner Points 
is on the way, but if you have any questions in the meantime, 
please call us on 0844 811 7747.

Congratulations, and here's to a successful relationship.

-------------------------------------------------------


Terms and conditions

There is only one campaign entry allowed per branch. All
communication will go to the registered contact. The campaign
period is 1 March - 30 April 2013. Deals are classified as
paid-out PCP deals. The decision of Barclays Partner Finance is
final.

Partner Points is a discretionary reward scheme and Partner
Points will be awarded by Barclays Partner Finance acting in its
sole discretion. All Partner Points will be distributed when 5
PCP deals are paid-out or at the end of the campaign.

All existing commercial arrangements are unaffected for the
duration of the campaign. In the event of a request for
commission disclosure, you will need to take any benefits of this
campaign into account.

Legal

Please do not email a response to this message. If you have a
query regarding Barclays Partner Finance, please contact Motor
Client Services on 0844 811 7747. For BT residential customers,
calls will cost no more than 5.5p per minute, plus 13.9p call
set-up fee (current at March 2013). The price on non-BT phone
lines may be different. Please check the BT price list for
charges for other 0844 numbers as charges vary depending on the
three digits following 0844. Non-BT customers and mobile phone
users should contact their service providers for information
about the cost of calls. For BT business customers, calls will
cost no more than 5.5p per minute, min call charge 6p (current at
March 2013). The price on non-BT phone lines may be different.
Non-BT customers and mobile phone users should contact their
service providers for information about the cost of calls.

Internet communications are not secure and therefore the Barclays
Group does not accept legal responsibility for the contents of
this message. Although Barclays Group operates anti-virus
programmes, it does not accept responsibility for any damage
whatsoever that is caused by viruses being passed.

This message is confidential and intended for the addressee only.
Please be aware that messages sent over the internet are not
secure and should not be seen a forming a legally binding
contract unless otherwise stated.We will never contact you via
email or via a website asking you to supply us with any security
details relating to you.

Unsubscribe

if you do not want Barclays Bank PLC and other members of the
Barclays Group to send you emails about products and services
(including those of others) please email marketing@barclays-loans.com 
(mailto:marketing@barclays-loans.com )

Cookies
Barclays Partner Finance uses cookies and similar technologies
(which we collectively call cookies) in this email.If you have
enabled images, cookies may be set on your computer or mobile
device. Cookies will also be set if you click on any images
within the email. Depending upon how your computer and software
are configured these technologies may operate if you are in our
safe-sender list or equivalent. Cookies help us to understand how
you interact with our emails, which helps us to improve our
future email communications. You can disable cookies in your
browser settings and you can prevent some of the other
technologies from operating by not enabling imagesor by removing
Barclays from your safe sender list. To find out more about
cookies and these technologies in general, please follow the link
below. If your email settings have disabled links in this email,
you can copy and paste this address without enabling or accepting
cookies www.barclays.com/emailcookies (
www.barclays.com/emailcookies )

Status Disclosure
Barclays Partner Finance is a trading name of Clydesdale
Financial Services Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of Barclays
Bank PLC. Authorised and regulated by the Financial Services
Authority. Registered in England. Registered No: 2901725.
Registered Office: 1 Churchill Place, London E14 5HP.